Add joins on the orders list query builder conditionally (#15132)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-1.13.md

   All internal usages of service `sylius.product_variant_resolver.default` have been switched to `Sylius\Component\Product\Resolver\ProductVariantResolverInterface`, if you have been using the
   `sylius.product_variant_resolver.default` service apply this change accordingly.

> 1. Due to optimizations of the Order's grid the `\Sylius\Component\Core\Repository\OrderRepositoryInterface::createSearchListQueryBuilder` method bas been deprecated and replaced by `\Sylius\Component\Core\Repository\OrderRepositoryInterface::createCriteriaAwareSearchListQueryBuilder`.
>    Also `\Sylius\Component\Core\Repository\OrderRepositoryInterface::createByCustomerIdQueryBuilder` has been deprecated and replaced by `\Sylius\Component\Core\Repository\OrderRepositoryInterface::createByCustomerIdCriteriaAwareQueryBuilder` due to same reason. Both changes affected
>    `sylius_admin_order` and `sylius_admin_customer_order` grids configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Due to optimizations of the Order's grid the `Sylius\Component\Core\Repository\OrderRepositoryInterface::createSearchListQueryBuilder` method bas been deprecated and replaced by `Sylius\Component\Core\Repository\OrderRepositoryInterface::createCriteriaAwareSearchListQueryBuilder`.
   Also `Sylius\Component\Core\Repository\OrderRepositoryInterface::createByCustomerIdQueryBuilder` has been deprecated and replaced by `Sylius\Component\Core\Repository\OrderRepositoryInterface::createByCustomerIdCriteriaAwareQueryBuilder` for the same reason. Both changes affect
   `sylius_admin_order` and `sylius_admin_customer_order` grids configuration.
```
